================================================================================
                   UHCL Computer Science B.S. Degree Planner                   
================================================================================

Are you a UHCL Computer Science B.S. student and don't know what courses to take
next term?  Then run this program!  It will help you choose courses to take next
term and each successive term until graduation.

First, tell the program what courses you have already completed.  You can enter
them one-at-a-time at the keyboard and/or you can enter a file name with a list
of courses.

In the file, list courses numbers (like CSCI 1470) one-per-line.  Anything after
the course number on the line will be ignored and lines that don't start with
course numbers will be ignored.  Courses that don't apply to the Computer
Science B.S. degree will also be ignored.  The program will acknowledge the
courses that are recognized so you will know what courses the program will start
with.

Afer entering your starting term, you will see a menu of courses that you are
eligible to take.  Courses with unmet prerequisites will not be shown.
Upper-level CSCI and CENG courses and electives will not be shown until your CS
Lower-level core is complete.  Some courses won't be shown until you have junior
or senior standing.  Choose courses by menu number and press <Enter> again after
your last course.  The program will restate your choices before moving to the
next term.  If you selected a course with a corequisite and didn't select the
corequisite, you will have the option of reselecting courses for that term or
continuing with your original selection.

Next to most courses in the list, there will be something that looks like
"(prereq for # courses)."  It shows that the listed course is a prerequisite for
the given number of other courses.  Since you can't take those other courses
until this course is completed, its a good idea to prioritize taking courses
that are prerequisites for others.  Calculus I is a good example.

After you have chosen all of your courses, the program will display a complete
degree plan summary.  If you enter a file name, the summary will be saved as a
text file in the same folder as the program.
================================================================================

Note: This program uses course information and degree requirements from the UHCL
2017-2018 undergraduate catalog.  If you started your degree in another school
year, then you should follow that year's catalog for your degree requirements.
